She says her love for me could never die.
That'd change if she ever found out about you and I. Oh, but her love was cold.
Would it hurt her if she didn't know?
Because when it gets too much,
I'm gonna run to you.
Cause when the feeling's right, I'm gonna run all night.
She's got a heart of gold.
She can't let me down.
I need to feel your touch.
I'm gonna run to you.
Yeah, I'm gonna run to you.
Cause when the ceiling's right, I'm gonna stay all night.
you
Oh, where the feeling's right now.
Oh, yeah.
Where the feeling's right now.
I'm gonna rock you.
That's a tough cut.
I still have to learn how to cut that one right.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen, playing with a little bit of technical changes made here in the background.
Still trying to stay focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media and trying to love your neighbor.
There may be a missile landing in the background, or that's just an airplane.
Anyway, love that Brian Adams.
Yeah, it's like my high school kind of tunes.
He's a great guy.
Lots of songs about love and lost love and love and lost love and traveling with lost loves and chasing lost loves and stuff like that.
Not the kind of music that my kid is listening to right now, unfortunately, but that's just the world that we live in Today I've got kind of a long program.
I'm gonna try and push through it And get through it by two hours because I do want to go to the gym with my boys this afternoon at 2 30 However, I do have something quite interesting lined up I got a really short analysis of a PBS clip that I think just kind of sets us up for what what
I'm not the first person to propose this.
I think a lot of people need to take a swing at this tree.
It's going to take a lot of lumberjacks to cut this tree down.
I'm really interested in pursuing this on a very aggressive basis.
I think recent American history has been, for the most part, hijacked.
especially crucial details in American history, crucial, you know, structural narratives, if you will, about why it is that we do the things we do, we say the things that we do, or we even, you know, I don't know, put our military in the places that we put it and spend the money in the way that we spend it.
And so,
Today's a pretty interesting program because I think a lot of loose ends are coming together.
If you haven't been paying attention to Mark Kulak out of Boston, Massachusetts, at Housatonic ITS, Housatonic Live, I would like to suggest that you're missing something quite extraordinary.
He has put together some pieces that seem to fit in a pretty easy way.
It's almost like, you know, you could assemble
lots of different pieces and lots of different ways and you could pay attention to lots of different books and ignore other books and you know lots of different assemblies of American history could be could be created and maintained
And Mark's got a really interesting take on how 9-11 and bioterrorism and nukes and the Department of Energy and the Human Genome Project and the impetus to
use the controlled demolition of America via the dollar to try and convert the American population effectively to the status of experimental animal.
Now, I'm not necessarily sure that, you know, there might be a lot of that language that Mark uses, that I use, that comes from our regular, you know, correspondence and friendship over the last five years, but I want to be very clear about my independence in my choice to talk about 9-11 in this context, choice not to talk about 9-11 in this context,
My choice to talk about Israel or religion or anything like that is my personal view.
It is my personal little struggle here that I try to share as honestly as I can with the people who watch this stream.
And I still don't really know who to trust other than the four other people and two dogs in my house.
That's it.
I'm sorry, I don't want to be a creep to all the people that are scrolling over there, all the people that have...
lent me support over the years.
It is just that it's been very, very hard over the last five years to have seemingly have been betrayed so many times.
And so I'm gonna try and be as objective as possible as I move through this story.
But suffice it to say that you gotta get your head around the idea that the vast majority, if not all,
The people that we are, have been, led to believe are significant are in fact actors that provide the outward facing Lollapalooza of liars behind which
there are a number of you know cordoned off little curtained areas where where the real governance of our population happens the real decisions about what is going to happen those decisions are made elsewhere outside of our purview and on a time scale that we are
by design not paying attention to.
The real planners that are running things and funding things in America and in banks and in multinational organizations are all thinking on 20 to 40 to 60 to 100 year timeframes because their piles of money over which that they are steward are actually huge.
They are large enough to think on that timescale and probably
financially distributed, managed, whatever the right word is, well enough so that they can yield that or wield that kind of control.
And so again, I'm not suggesting that I know who is doing it.
But for example,
It strikes me as a little odd that Matt Taibbi, before the pandemic, was referring to Goldman Sachs as the vampire squid that was responsible for orchestrating EU countries' failure, bank failure, I don't know what.
They orchestrate a lot.
And Matt Taibbi was all about calling out Goldman Sachs as the bad guys of all bad guys.
But then at the beginning of the pandemic, not only did he completely ignore
anything to do with lockdowns, masks, school closings, gain-of-function viruses, lab leaks, natural viruses.
He ignored all of it.
But he's also kind of, you know, just dropped the name Goldman Sachs.
You know, the place where Bannon worked as an investment advisor before he went into filmmaking and narrative control.
The place where Aaron Seary worked after he worked as a clerk for the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court.
Then he also, don't forget, he was also the lawyer that helped Silverstein or whatever his name was with the guy who got like a billion dollars for the Twin Towers insurance policy.
Yeah, Aaron Siri, the anti-vax guy, yeah, he was involved in a 9-11 lawsuit, insurance policy, and he was also involved with clerking for the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court for three years, which is an interesting job that I guess you don't get by filling out an application and sending it in.
And now he's supposedly the anti-vax lawyer genius that's kind of behind the broader health freedom movement of which Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and apparently, you know, Jay Bhattacharya and Robert Malone and all these people are a part of.
This is not funny, ladies and gentlemen.
This is American history.
And it's available at our fingertips to document, to objectively
archive and replace what this national security state is handing us on a silver platter, of course, for free on social media, complete with a wide variety of different bands that are willing to sing songs about it.
That's the magic of this National Security Theater.
And so I think it's important that we keep working.
And so I plan to keep working.
Thank you very much again for joining me.
And I will see you again in a minute.
Yes, I think I'm just going to say some stuff about these guys.
And then, yeah, I don't know what I'm going to do here.
I think that's all I'm gonna do.
I think that's what I'll do is just do... I'm just trying to play around with all these screens.
I'm trying to figure out if I know how to use them all right now.
So just a little bit of patience would be awesome.
I think this is the one I want, right?
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I guess I would ask myself, like, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I just don't, you know, I don't like lying.
I certainly do it, you know, out of weakness or whatever.
Truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Welcome to the NewsHour.
The political fallout from the murder of conservative activist Charlie Cook continues.
Last night, Disney suddenly suspended ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live, following comments Kimmel made about how President Trump's supporters were responding to Kirk's murder.
That suspension was cheered by the president and his allies, but it's also raised concern of censorship and the future of the First Amendment.
Today, Democrats on Capitol Hill introduced a bill to protect free speech.
One of the things that I want to start out with as a teaching moment here is making sure everybody understands that the proposal at hand here is that the entire two-party theater is staged.
such that PBS NewsHour, wittingly or unwittingly, the participants of this narrative, just like Fox NewsHour, wittingly or unwittingly, is participants of this narrative.
Most of these people have their Screen Actors Guild card.
They are memberships
They are members in an organization of people whose job it is to read the script that they are given, and more importantly, whose job it is to, as best they can, to the best of their abilities, read the script as directed.
And so yes, of course, you know, John Malkovich is allowed to read the script exactly as he wants to, but that most actors, in order to get to the stage where you're John Malkovich, need to read the script as directed.
And that's what these people do.
They don't have the requisite knowledge to question the scripts that they are given every day after day after day after day from a group of people who are required to produce a script day after day after day.
Only a certain number of those people behind the scenes need to be willing to stay on this script, but I assure you it is enough.
However many is required plus 10.
such that this guy knows or doesn't know that he is accepting a job, that his job is to read the script and assume that it is right.
Even if it is right, but wrong in a way that is necessary for national security, they need to read the script and not question it.
Read it as if they almost themselves put it together and are sure that all the research that supports it is real.
That's how they're supposed to read it.
That's censorship.
That's state speech control.
That's not America.
And so what's happening here is a fake theater about free speech.
The argument now here is, of course, oh, now the MAGA people are trying to censor their bad guy, the left.
And so the left
in the right, and the right does it when they want to, and the left does it when they want to, and that's crazy.
But then maybe we should have an open discussion about what times there is necessary to censor speech.
Maybe we, you know, we all agree that you can't shout, yell, and fire.
We all agree that if free speech results in violence, then you can't do that either.
So they want to open this door, just like they want to open this door to the idea that they could protect you on
the internet if everybody had a digital id and we knew who people were so on the other side of the internet somewhere in another canyon that doesn't echo over to this part there's a band that's playing a very similar sound with a very similar combination of guitar bass and drum but they're saying something about how digital id is the way to protect our kids on the internet but
all of these things are going to bubble in the background for the next few years and Donald Trump and the rest of these people are all part of that theater and they don't need to know what's coming next they just need to know that oh my gosh i got my cue i guess i'm on stage
One of the people that I pointed out about a week ago is named Mark Maron that I noticed that was on all these B-level and C-level podcasts on YouTube and on Rumble talking about how he's tired of these woke comedians like Joe Rogan who make jokes about trans people.
and said how, you know, trans people don't have any rights anymore.
Trans people are left afraid in their houses.
So maybe stop doing the jokes.
And he's been on podcast after podcast after podcast.
Why?
Because he's got a Netflix show that's all about how Joe Rogan is wrong about COVID and was silly during COVID and is silly about this stuff and doesn't know what he's talking about.
And of course that's being hyped here as part of the same thing.
because who are they gonna show here?
Who do they mention multiple times this week or last week on PBS NewsHour?
Mark Maron.
Now, why is Mark Maron important to me?
Because Mark Maron is somebody I had no idea who he was until about February or March of 2020 when I started to be interacting with him and other people on a weird website
that was called The Burning Platform, and they had their own little forum, and there they had shared a couple of my videos, so somebody said, hey, there's this website, and they're talking about your videos.
And on that website, you're anonymous, and lots of people had funny names, and I was told that this one account with a funny name called Hard Scrabble Farmer, I believe,
Maybe it's not quite that, so you won't be able to find it and verify it, but something like that.
And that guy was supposed to be Mark Marin, and I had to look up Mark Marin.
I spelled his name wrong a few times before I got what I thought was the right guy, a comedian who'd been on a few late night shows.
You know, like Joe Rogan had been on a few late night shows where you do like a five minute, eight minute bit.
So it's interesting because that guy was kind of saying that I was right about the lab leak and cool guy and wow, that guy's awesome and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, making me think that he had a podcast and maybe I could be on it.
But of course, little did I know that he was just kind of starting his podcast because somebody told him that this was the time to start a podcast just like Brett Weinstein did, just like all these clowns did.
And they didn't have to know why.
They just had to be told by somebody who was financially behind them, somebody who was like,
I don't know intellectually behind them in the sense of somebody that I looked up to because they have a private jet and four houses.
And so I like that guy and he likes me.
And so if he told me I should start a podcast, I'm going to start a podcast.
If he's going to buy me a studio in my backyard to start a podcast, I'm going to do that.
And that's what we're talking about here.
People were put in place.
because they have already tried this several times using TV and, you know, whatever.
It doesn't quite work.
You gotta have a spontaneous sort of...
grassroots feeling of the movement.
Everybody's got to have the impression that they're part of a much larger wave of realization, a much larger wave of awakening or awareness.
That's what makes social media so magical and very different from watching TV or the news or even a late night program where there's a loud audience that seems to agree on what's funny.
nothing is like the illusion of social media for creating the idea that wow this video is going around his are everybody watching this video because boy does this drive me bananas that is something that cannot be never has occurred with regular television i mean
Never.
I mean, that is a new level of malevolence that only social media allows.
And so you have on the background this normal media that's able to play off of it.
And more importantly, what you should see is that PBS NewsHour over the last two or three years has shifted almost exclusively to saying, you know, Donald Trump tweeted.
The Biden administration tweeted.
Substack author, so-and-so-and-so, who also publishes her stuff on, I don't know what.
That kind of stuff is very normal on PBS NewsHour now.
Almost as if their funders have told them that the new relevant media is there.
The new relevant media platforms are these.
And it's remarkable how many people before and after the sale of X during the pandemic have profited from this sale or were complaining about X before the sale and sort of excited about it afterward, even though nothing really changed.
It just, it essentially was a complete drama over nothing.
that somehow Elon Musk for some exorbitant number of billions of dollars bought free speech back from the guy with the long beard because the guy with the long beard wasn't letting us have free speech.
It's just remarkably dumb.
It's remarkably dumb when you look back at it and you see how things line up.
What's more remarkably dumb is when we look back and see that after 9-11 there wasn't this same level of
of actors on TV and actors on late night programs with the story.
Just a couple, only a couple.
And everything after that was read via script, you know, a couple news programs, whatever.
And in fact, the big movies that came out, came out years later,
And curiously enough, as Mark showed last night, we're made by people and combinations of people and partnerships between people that just don't make any right sense in the history of modern America if they're never mentioned.
Especially because of the relevance of Steve Bannon now with Donald Trump.
the relevance of the health freedom movement and all of these people relative to Donald Trump.
It just doesn't make any sense at all that this is not mentioned.
This can't possibly be a real news organization.
And most of what is on the internet, on Substack, on X, cannot be real people because again, there are people that have dedicated 20 years of their life
Like that fraud that I met at the Red Pill conference two and a half years ago, this guy Gage, that's remarkable that there have been people in place for that long because they lost control of that whole situation most likely.
And so they had to have people, they had to put people out there and Gage was likely one of them.
When he got co-opted, I have no idea, but that guy approached me in a elevator that was wide open about 270 degrees with glass in a hotel at the Red Pill Conference two years ago after I had given my presentation.
In the elevator were three ladies with wet swimsuits and towels around themselves.
Yes.
And so I got in the elevator and then there comes this guy, Gage.
I can't remember what is his name.
It's, it's not Andrew Gage, but it's, it's Richard Gage.
And Richard Gage comes into the elevator in front of these ladies.
And there might've been a little girl or a little kid, or I might be remembering that part wrong, but there were multiple people that were coming from the pool.
and they were in the elevator and I got in the elevator and then Richard Gage got in the elevator and we rode up and he looked at me and I looked at him and I think there was some
Conversation like maybe I made a joke about the pool or something like that But when we got to his floor again, remember this is an elevator that you can see out so I think Something like the swimmers were looking out as they were barefoot dripping and I maybe I asked him if the pool was warm something like that You know then get up to the fourth floor or whatever floor was that Richards gonna get out the doors open And he looks at me and yes, he had to look like this.
He says so you had to tell the truth, didn't you?
And I was absolutely stunned.
I didn't, you know, you'd think I would have a smart ass remark, you know, like that, but it, I wasn't prepared.
I wasn't even thinking he was going to say anything to me.
It was kind of bizarre.
And I got to see if I've ever, I should really look to see if I've ever told this story right after the red pill conference, because it's possible that I'm missing a, a part of the conversation in the elevator.
Cause somehow or another, it feels like something happened in the elevator.
I don't know if there was like a,
Maybe I said something clever before that in a nice way to Gage, or I spoke to the swimmers, I can't remember which.
But when he was getting out is when he said, so you had to tell the truth, didn't you?
And I didn't know what to do with that.
What?
What else should I have done?
And the doors closed.
It was remarkable.
It was a remarkable day.
And so what strikes me as very important about this is Mark's recent shows have been about the 9-11.
A lot of Mark's work has been about trying to figure out why it is that this book
The Big Shot AIDS vaccine and a few other books, like the book Germs, came out and talked so much about bioterrorism and anthrax and this kind of thing.
And there are lots of peripheral clues about that with regard to Robert Malone behind Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., Merrill Nass behind Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., Veer Sharav behind Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
And those three
aforementioned people were in a congressional phone call discussion back in I don't know 2001 was it or about the anthrax vaccine and whether or not kids could be used to test it or it's remarkable how long these people have have had
have had interaction with one another and have had seemingly, I guess, pretty good working relationships because this is over decades that they have come into contact with each other in professional situations, apparently over very serious issues like the fidelity of the vaccine schedule or the definition of and the recompense that autism people should or shouldn't be given based on the damage caused by vaccines.
All these major issues
over 20 or 30 years, these people have been working together with them.
So it's strange in a way to think that no one on the PBS NewsHour would report that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's most close advisors are people that are associated with the biosecurity, bioterrorism, bioweapons, national security state apparatus since the early 2000s.
That's a remarkable thing not to report regularly.
Maybe for some people in the audience, it might even make them feel better that, well, at least if he's connected to the neocons, then who cares, right?
I mean, if he's connected to all the people that the Bush administration showed him who boss and won the war on terror, then why do I care?
Because that's all the same narrative here.
that somehow or another, this giant security apparatus of America that is at least partially funded by 450 or 400, sorry, 340 or 350 million Americans tax money that has a lot of money for aircraft carriers and nuclear missiles and tanks and all this stuff.
Right?
The control of this.
is completely left to chance.
And if we would just get our act together as voters in America, you know, we could in theory put good guys in charge, but unfortunately the voters in America can't get their act together.
And so inevitably, you know, wow, it's crazy, but this, this completely foreign funded fake, you know, person, Trump with the help of Russia was able to win once, no twice.
And we're so dumb as to believe that.
It's like being in a school bus and all the adults in the first six seats are saying, yeah, there's nothing we can do about Donald Trump being the driver.
And if he wants to go to a drive-in movie, that's where we're going.
because he got elected, right?
And so we ride in that bus and that's just the agreement that everybody in the first six seats has that they're just going to agree that, you know, it's not our fault.
He's in the driver's seat.
Well, it's not our fault.
She's in the driver's seat.
He was in charge of that.
and now think about how that apparatus could be used in a military fashion in order to create almost any narrative about any other country or even a biological phenomenon like a pandemic or even a murder that has now turned to free speech and whether or not censorship yada yada yada
And on the other side, what is it?
It's 300,000 people went to a stadium because they believe in this guy.
And all of these people were testifying on his behalf.
I'm not even sure what we saw yesterday.
If anybody watched that, it's just, it's crazy.
Where have they taken us?
We've got to wake up and realize that something is not right.
And we've got to wake up and realize that it's social media and we've got to get off.
It's crazy.
I didn't think I was going to say that much.
Buke to Kimmel suspension.
Senate Democrats today accused the Trump administration of using Charlie Kirk's murder to silence critics.
It began four days ago.
ABC's late-night host took jabs at Trump and the right over their weekend messaging about the suspect in Kirk's assassination.
We had some new lows over the weekend, with the MAGA gang desperately trying to characterize this kid who murdered Charlie Kirk as anything other than one of them, and doing everything they can to score political points from it.
That monologue aired after a weekend when Utah's Republican governor had suggested the suspect had leftist ideology, but the day before, prosecutors and the suspect's mother echoed that same belief.
Then, yesterday, some sharp criticism from the chairman of the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission.
Trump appointed Brendan Carr threatened federal action if local ABC affiliates didn't do something about Kimmel.
These companies can find ways to change conduct and take action, frankly.
So what's happening here, right?
This is the NewsHour using footage from a podcast.
which essentially concedes to the relevance of podcasts.
And this administration is almost entirely composed of administrators that are more than willing to do podcasts.
The guy on the FDA, the guy at the HHS, the guy at the NIH, they're all doing podcasts, podcasts all the time.
And what that does by definition is shifts the, if they're not available, and even not more importantly, they're not using network media, then by definition, they are shifting the focus of that
those Americans that are looking for their output or whatever they're doing and following them, they're shifting that attention off of this.
They don't see this.
But at the same time, if you did see it, it would still be telling you that social media is relevant.
PBS NewsHour would still be saying Robert Malone's name, just like, you know, on our
Corners of social media are on the more conservative side of social media.
Robert Malone is known in a much wider way It's just an illusion and it's only an illusion that's possible to sustain because social media and we We use it willingly we use it skillfully We think that if we if we tweet the right thing or post the right thing that we're gonna have an effect and that's not how it works It's not how it works at all
on Kimmel, or there's going to be additional work for the FCC ahead.
Then, a company called Nexstar, which operates multiple ABC stations, said it would start pulling Kimmel off the air.
Nexstar needs the FCC's approval for a proposed $6.2 billion merger.
Now, if what we are saying is true, and this orchestration extends over decades of time,
then what you would need is a group of people who have decades of trust in one another, a decades long relationship, a friendship where deep trust, because, you know, I remember that time when you did that line in the, you know, I remember that time when you slept with, you know,
And these kinds of bonds, it doesn't matter.
It can just be that I remember that time you were really drunk and you said this, or you did that, or that happened to you, or when I had to bail you out.
It doesn't matter what it is.
I don't, I think one of the best points that has nothing to do with 9-11 or American history or anything else is just how remarkable it is.
And Mark Kulak made this point really well the other night.
How remarkable it is that Mark,
Really nice guy, upstanding citizen, as far as I can tell.
He doesn't have friends from 30 years.
He doesn't have professional colleagues that he's worked with on and off for 30 years.
He doesn't have a professional relationship with anybody that has extended that long because of, you know, career changes and whatever.
And I don't either.
After being that long in academia, you know, after being in that many labs and having that many students, I have exactly nobody with whom I'm in contact for that long.
I have one friend who I'm in contact with since 2016 when we moved back to the United States from the Netherlands right before Trump was elected.
And so that's my longest friend right now in the United States that I talk to or see.
You know, I have some other friends in Chicago, but because all of those friends shared my now deceased friend, Nathan, who's on my slides sometimes, it's not really the same kind of thing anymore.
Because every time we talk to each other, it's kind of the first thing that comes out.
And so it's a...
It's a weird thing to think that the people that are in front of us, the people that they're talking about, the people that we have been talking about, the people that are responsible for Trump derangement syndrome, the people that are responsible for curating the 9-11 safe narratives, the people that were responsible for curating the anti-vax narrative for the last six or 10 years, they're all people intertwined with people who have show business connections for more than 30 years.
That is fricking remarkable.
What's more special though is that no one is reporting it and it was not like it was hidden information.
It's right there in front of us.
It's special.
It really is very special.
Then more dominoes.
Conservative Sinclair Broadcasting, the largest owner of ABC affiliates, said they'd do the same.
Sinclair said Kimmel must apologize to Kirk's family and quote, make a meaningful personal donation to the Kirk family and Turning Point USA, which is Kirk's political group.
While meeting with the British prime minister in the U.K.
today, President Trump rejected the idea that free speech was under attack.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the United States of America Well, Jimmy Kimmel was fired because he had bad ratings, more than anything else.
And he said a horrible thing about a great gentleman known as Charlie Kirk.
And Jimmy Kimmel is not a talented person.
And they should have fired him a long time ago.
So, you know, you can call that free speech or not.
This summer, the president celebrated when CBS canceled the show of another of his critics, Stephen Colbert.
CBS cited financial reasons for the cancellation, even as its parent company, Paramount, was finishing a deal of its own, which also required FCC approval.
But critics say Colbert's and Kimmel's political positions were why they were targeted.
There he is right there.
That's Mark Maron.
And that's the guy I did a show about a couple, maybe two weeks ago, to show you that he was going all over the place.
He's got a Netflix special where he's doing stand-up.
And so his card has been pulled.
And so he's on stage now and he's going to be part of this, you know, group of people that further, you know, cordons off the thing and the people that we're going to call like nutcases.
And remember that if you take away the COVID vaccine, if you remember, if you take away the COVID vaccine, we still have a country of
80% people that believe vaccines are completely safe, and there's no reason to worry about them.
That's where we are.
That is the reality of it.
Even in the most optimistic appraisal, there is a
a skepticism of the COVID vaccine, a skepticism of the mRNA, and that is not a 50-50 split like the election was or something like that.
We need to be very aware of that because that is actively hidden, that supermajority is actively hidden, and he's of course being queued up
to start to slowly reveal that supermajority to the conservative side because again remember he was on the conservative side in 2020 on the website called the burning platform courting me as possibly a podcast guest when i was riding my bike saying it's a lab leak do you see this yet do you see it yet this is what authoritarianism looks like right now in this country it's happening
Last night, multiple comedians denounced Kimmel's suspension as censorship, including Wanda Sykes, who was set to be a guest on Kimmel last night.
WANDA SYKES, Actress on Kimmel's Suspension": He didn't end the Ukraine war or solve Gaza within his first week, but he did end freedom of speech.
within his first year.
And, today, former late night host David Letterman weighed in, talking with our colleague, The Atlantic's Jeffrey Goldberg.
And you can't go around firing somebody because you're fearful or trying to suck up to an authoritarian criminal administration.
Okay, so this is the problem I have and I'm going to try and hit it as hard as I can all the time from now on going forward.
You cannot claim to believe extreme things and then not do extreme things as far as action goes.
You can't say that you think the president and his administration is a criminal regime.
Unless you are willing to take very extreme Measures and that's not going on an arts festival and calling it any criminal regime.
That's too much I'm sorry, but that's got to be theater That's got to be theater it's got to be a scripted nonsense theater because nobody
would say that.
Just like right now, you cannot take anybody seriously who's going to go on TV and say that, you know, vaccines cause autism.
That is not something, I'm sorry, that's not something you can take seriously.
You cannot take yourself seriously if you think those three words together mean anything.
Just like if you say, this is a criminal regime, that's just ridiculous.
It can't be.
Otherwise, that means what?
It means that the entire membership of Congress is going along with a criminal regime when they have the power to do something about it.
It means that the entire national security state of 18 or 19 intelligence agencies spread across our bureaucracy is just going along with it, even though apparently it's a criminal regime.
And so you can't say that your son or your daughter 25 years ago got autism because of the MMR vaccine.
And ever since you've been fighting for a big top tent of health freedom, having gotten nowhere, but participated in the general campaign of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for president.
You can't just, you can't take people like that seriously.
And America as a country needs to see that essentially we've been undermined.
And the most important thing might be to figure out whether the people that undermine us have loyalties to other countries or other nations or in some way are guilty of treason.
And I'm not saying anything other than the truth.
I really believe that there are people that are either unwitting participants in treason or have actively engaged in treason.
The undermining of the American government and American society
with money, with foreign agents, with lying.
And I don't think it should be allowed.
I don't think we should allow our government to lie to us.
I don't think it should be permitted under national security reasons, especially if those national security reasons are based on ghost stories that were told in the early 50s and late 60s about genetic engineering or about living forever or about bioterrorism.
And there is no explanation for why this should have been retired 15 years ago on a boat somewhere is still talking to us, being shown to us, more importantly, being sprayed all over social media.
There's no excuse for it.
It would be like if the U.S.
government had spent money to distribute COVID tests.
Oh, oh!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
That's the whole point, right?
You gotta understand why it's free.
Why is this message free?
Why does it seem like everybody agrees that this is the argument?
Why is it so seamless how these people show up with the same sort of things, you know?
And then the PBS NewsHour can just summarize across all the stages that right now the trend across rock music is actually everybody to use a guitar with big pointy sides and I don't know, they throw their picks in the middle of
The show out to the audience and everybody screams, but I guess you know Crowdsurfing is a thing that isn't cool anymore at any of these stages And so they just all agree on this Lollapalooza of liars to talk about what's going on and across stages There's a sort of pattern or agreement, you know that on the bluegrass stage They all agree that the heavy metal sucks all the way over there and thank goodness.
We can't hear them in that Canyon, but
On the heavy metal side, they're all very complimentary because we wouldn't have the finger picking without the bluegrass.
And so there's this kind of weird thing that goes along with the antagonism where it's like, hey, wait a minute, maybe I should check out the heavy metal because if the bluegrass people say it sucks, but the heavy metal people are respecting the bluegrass.
And so you get people to move between stages and they think that they're moving between stages because it's what people say.
And it's what things that they hear.
But in reality, all of the artists on all the stages are scripted to say stuff that'll make you curious about what that person said.
And more importantly, during set break, you're going to be able to hear them.
Maybe even during set break, you're going to get a screenshot from another stage and you're going to find out what's on that.
And so that's not that dissimilar to the PBS News Hour showing you or your friends or your family what they would never otherwise see on social media.
because their social media doesn't have it.
And so that's the role that mainstream media plays.
That's the role that the late night talk shows play.
Is this bridge or this, you know, illusion of consensus can be solidified on another level where first you have the interactive layer where,
all of us get to tweet at our favorite people, and we get our likes, and we get our retweets, or we get our, you know, thumbs ups, or we get our, you know, shares, or whatever the hell it is on Instagram, and then above them are the people that are actually performing the script.
And it is from this nearly endless list of people auditioning to get featured on the summaries, and the summaries can be Tucker Carlson,
Summaries could be Kim Iverson on Rumble, the summaries could be PBS News Hour, Fox News, you know, CBS Sunday Morning, all this stuff.
And the trick to see here is that social media has been moved up in the control levels because social media is starting to become ubiquitous because we all use our phones.
And phones are everywhere now.
And so it's not TV anymore that you need to control.
In fact, TV is a delayed message sometimes, really delayed message.
You know, old TV lasts forever.
Social media is now and it's ever changing.
You're ever seeking the latest.
And it's that timeframe that will enslave our children.
We need to come up with a plan.
and a way to be on the same page and on the same plan as our children, the same vision for our country, the same vision for our local communities as our children have.
That's the role that high schools play, and high school sports play, and nightclubs play, and bars play, and shooting clubs play, is this idea that we can get our family and friends on a multi-generational shared plan and a shared vision of where this country and where our communities are going.
And these people have no idea
that their script is dangerous to that.
They have apparently no idea that social media is absolutely the antithesis of that.
That's what I find so remarkable.
In the Oval Office, that's just not how this works.
Others celebrated the move to take Kimmel off the air.
And earlier today, FCC Chair Parr warned more federal action could be coming.
But, yes, I don't think this is the last shoe to drop.
This is a massive shift that's taking place in the media ecosystem.
And I think the consequences are going to continue to flow.
Sinclair Broadcasting says, this Friday, it will replace Kimmel's show with a tribute to Charlie Kirk.
For the record, we asked FCC Chairman Brendan Carr for an interview, and his office did not respond.
For more, we turn now to Dylan Byers.
He is senior media correspondent at PUC.
Dylan Byers, thank you so much.
Help us understand what... Of course, PUC is an Internet news source, probably with podcasts.
So it's, again, the acquiescence to that is kind of, you can see the information pyramid here.
Because remember, the bureaucracy, the
Politicians, they're not watching 50 podcasts.
They're paying for those.
They're watching to see what gets here.
What has been the reaction in the media world to Kimmel getting pulled off the air?
Well, it's been rather overwhelming.
I mean, I think there's a pretty broad consensus here, and certainly my own reporting and the reporting of others bears this out, that this was a decision that Disney CEO Bob Iger made due to the pressure from the FCC.
The remarks that you referenced that Kimmel made came on a Monday night.
There was no move to take Jimmy Kimmel off the air by Disney.
for his show the following night.
But after the chairman Carr went out and- So we're supposed to believe that this multinational billion dollar corporation called Disney doesn't have lawyers that understand what free speech is in America and whether or not their license of ABC would be in danger based on what he says.
They have no lawyers.
They can't figure that out.
And since the FCC chairman said something like that, they're just going to back down because Disney has no lawyers, apparently.
you
gave an interview and suggested that he would put pressure on ABC after Nextar decided that it would preempt Kimmel's show on its owned and operated stations.
Then Disney made the move to preempt Jimmy Kimmel's show.
And look, you mentioned it there.
So it really is supposed to feel like this group of people and then that group of people.
And so then this consensus is kind of forming and it's like an overwhelming group of people that has decided to do it.
And that's just ridiculous.
It's like two phone calls.
And then now they're telling a story that they're told to tell.
These people can't possibly have all these little, these, I mean, it's just ridiculous.
It's preposterous what's happening here.
Package, there was some precedent for this with Paramount's decision to cancel Colbert, which was justified by the fact that Colbert was losing a significant amount of money for the network.
And so there's some ambiguity around this decision.
There doesn't seem to be any of that ambiguity
Here, this is pretty clearly a decision that Disney came to in light of that FCC pressure, in light of that next star pressure, perhaps also because they need regulatory approval for another deal that Disney is seeking to acquire Fubo.
This, look, the FCC certainly has the power to renew licenses, to revoke licenses.
It does not have the power to censor content.
And what we are seeing here is a sort of indirect, albeit pretty brazen attempt to influence the programming on ABC television.
Earlier today, we spoke with a constitutional scholar, Ilya Sloman.
He's a professor of law at George Mason University and also at the libertarian think tank, the Cato Institute.
Here's what he had to say about Trump and the FCC's actions.
Trump is definitely abusing the power of the FCC, whatever other authority it might legitimately have.
It does not have the power to force stations to take people off the air merely because they have views the president objects to, and it definitely is a violation of the First Amendment.
If there's anything that violates the First Amendment, it's government pressure and coercion to censor political speech.
Now, that is something that FCC Chairman Brendan Carr used to believe.
There are multiple statements where he is echoing that same idea, that it is not the FCC's job to police speech.
How has he responded today as to how he has had this reversal of opinion?
Well, look, I don't want to editorialize here, but I would say if you're looking for intellectual consistency here among many officials in this administration, you'd be hard pressed to find it.
Look, by going out and giving an interview and just suggesting that you can do this the easy way or the hard way, at the end of the day, I suppose you can technically say it was Disney's decision.
I didn't do it.
But that sort of reeks of sort of mafia-level tactics, of sort of veiled threats and coercion that Disney, by virtue of the position it's in and by virtue of the FCC's leverage here, that it was willing to, frankly, capitulate to.
The MAGA world, the president himself and all of his supporters have celebrated this move.
Now, again, what we're supposed to believe is that
multi-million dollar corporations, maybe even billion dollar media corporations, flinch at the FCC chairman of the Trump administration.
So remember, the Trump administration is a criminal administration.
They're completely incompetent.
They don't know what they're doing.
They're breaking the law.
They're using the government as a weapon and it's all criminal.
but these huge corporations that have lawyers, you know, like lots of them and can afford to have lawyers.
And how many lawyers would you really need at a table to sit down and decide whether they could win the lawsuit or not?
And how much money does Disney have in order to popularize the lawsuit that Disney's being stomped on by the US government?
And what a great way
to make Trump put his money where his mouth is but instead PBS NewsHour is telling us that the Trump administration is so scary that all they have to do is put their FCC chairman and then put Trump in front of a camera and have him say some tough stuff and man all these media moguls will just bend like a reed
It's just ridiculous.
It's such a dumb story.
Saying that this was a consequence of his actions, of Kimmel's actions.
What else have they been arguing?
I think this is a great- Disney's worth $204 billion, but they can't afford a lawyer that could decide what a joke that is, what a veiled and pointless threat that is, and how amazingly simple it would be to bring down
the Trump administration with this incredible overreach in both verbiage and threat, just call him out!
But they don't.
Why don't they call him out?
Because... EVERYONE'S ON THE SAME SCRIPT!
...thing that has happened.
Well, look, I think there's been a longstanding feeling among the right, certainly among Trump supporters, that media, generally speaking, what we usually refer to as mainstream media, has been bias.
And that if you believe that broadcast networks should be sort of servicing the American people,
then that sort of bias is a bad thing.
And I think they would view the actions against Colbert or against Kimmel as progress in that regard.
I think what I would say, and I think what many folks across the political spectrum have pointed out over the course of the last 24 hours... See, that's the problem, is that it's not like that.
It's a very simple issue.
You just have to teach people what the issue is.
It's free speech.
The answer to free speech is more free speech.
and private platforms are not free speech.
The consequences of your free speech could be professional and private, and social media makes that more complicated, but not any less
true that free speech is only cured by more free speech.
It's just a question of whether or not you're dealing with, yeah.
This is crazy, man.
We're really going into a dystopia.
What is happening now to, say, ABC to Jimmy Kimmel, is the kind of power and coercion that a future Democratic president
could try to wield against conservative critics.
So this does not set a good precedent.
At the end of the day, one thing that I think we can all agree we all value here is living in a society where people are able to go out and make jokes and state political opinions without fear of retribution from their employer because their employer has a deal pending approval
by the federal government.
And I would just say that anyone celebrating this move now... The puppets in a puppet show are not actually hitting each other.
That is freaking brilliant.
That is the... I could end the show right there.
Puppets in a puppet show are not actually hitting each other.
Thank you very much.
That might be a t-shirt.
Wow.
Well done.
We're probably going to rethink that in future administrations if future administrations try to wield that power, too.
All right.
That is Dylan Byers at PUC.
Dylan, thank you so much for your time.
Thank you.
have been tariffs, more than 20 media defamation lawsuits since he launched his presidential campaign.
You see, so it's all making social media relevant.
I find it very interesting.
I just think that the answer is just you got to come to terms with the fact that
Up until now, America has been trapped in a national security theater.
The extent to which other populations in the free-speaking English Western world who also actively use social media, the extent to which they have been trapped by our own theater, I don't really know because I don't live in Germany or the Netherlands or anything like that, but I do know
that in order to make the illusion of consensus seem to have a significant global part or global portion,
They have recruited actors from around the English-speaking world, including in the UK and Australia and New Zealand, South Africa, who have been active on social media, very specifically on X and on Substack, the new platforms that PBS NewsHour is very willing to promote.
And they were active on the conservative side, behind the health freedom movement, behind this fake skepticism of the COVID narrative, which has resulted in nothing, right?
Because it's very much like, as Mark pointed out in his shows the last couple of days, the 9-11 had two basically safe narratives to talk about on TV.
Maybe it was some kind of, I don't know, slip up.
where the terrorists got through and we weren't aware that they got through because you know there was a there was a exercise going on that day and so there was a stand-down order and it got confused and so that allowed these terrorists to get through.
The other alternative was is that somehow or another maybe somebody was behind those terrorists maybe even with some part of the American security state you know that needed a new Pearl Harbor
let the terrorists do it or facilitated them, much like the original bombing of the World Trade Center back in 1992.
So those two narratives are very, very safe, right?
Those two narratives are narratives that only came after several years, it seems in my recollection of
a stewing about it being a completely staged event in the background on the internet, but never on TV, never in movies, and no one of report ever got to the stage where they were actually willing to question the physics of the building.
That's the remarkable thing.
Building 7 remains a ghost in the mainstream 9-11 narrative.
And you can't get a rally in Washington, D.C.
to talk about any alternative unless it involves space lasers.
And that's again, because this is the same continuous, ever-evolving, ever-edited script that has its roots all the way back to 9-11.
because America has been governed by a national security theater since before then.
It's just that the tentacles of the national security theater, the number of stages available, the number of rock bands that are out there, the number of vendors,
of this information has increased exponentially by design, social media being that military theater that we are now trapped in, complete with actors on scripts that complement one another.
Ha ha!
Zookeeper, Zookeeper, those two puppets are killing each other!
Astronomers from Tacoma to Vladivostok have just reported an ionic disturbance in the vicinity of the Van Allen Belt.
Scientists are recommending that all necessary precautions be taken.
Hey kid, what did I know?
Fellas, where you going at this hour?
Hey, don't scratch up them heads.
Good morning, everybody.
Panic is gripping Springfield as giant advertising mascots rampage through the city.
Listen carefully to the question that he asks here.
Perhaps it's part of some daring new ad campaign, but what new product could justify such carnage?
A cleanser?
A fat-free fudge cake that doesn't let you down in the flavor department like so many others?
What product would justify, what product would justify such advertising?
I think if you took this wonderful analogy but you said to yourself that social media is destroying our societies
What would justify the rollout and the free reign that we have given social media over our brains, over our news, over our information, over our internet, over our children?
What could possibly justify it?
What product?
That's the question you need to ask yourself.
Even though this is an old cartoon, it is spot on if you can see the narrative, if you can see the metaphor.
No!
With ice and flavor, please.
Ah, they're not so tough.
Uh, Chief, that wasn't a monster.
That was the captain of the high school basketball team.
Uh, yeah, well, yeah, he was turning into a monster, though.
Hello?
Yes?
Oh, uh, if you're looking for that big donut of yours, um, Flanders has it.
Just smashed open his house.
He came to life.
Good for him.
Help me, Lord!
I told you, Flanders has it!
Or Moe.
Go kill Moe.
Just give him the donut.
Once he has it, that will be the end of all this horror.
Well, okay, if it'll end horror.
So I have to warn you, the sound effect that's about to come up here is really brutal, but if you haven't seen it, The Simpsons is a magnificent TV show that at least for the first 15 seasons or so was just a real
A real frank commentary on a lot of things in American society and an awesome show.
And there's a sound effect coming up that as a dog lover, every time I hear it, it bothers me.
And at the same time, I can laugh because again, this is a Halloween episode, so it's very dark.
People die like that.
basketball player did and people talk about killing people like Homer just did but it's a whole Halloween episode so just understand that the satire here is pretty deke how dark but anyway here goes the the donut guy again
Don't you ever get tired of being wrong all the time?
These monsters are destroying everything and everyone we hold dear.
And your kids should have jackets on.
Did you get that joke?
These monsters are destroying everything that we hold dear.
And you kids should have jackets on.
That's kind of like how the health freedom movement does it.
The vaccines are poisoning thousands and killing thousands of kids.
We don't know how many kids are dying of vaccines every year.
And oh yeah, we should get the dye out of the food that we know we shouldn't eat anyway.
We should use better oil to fry the things that we shouldn't eat anyway.
You know, the kids on screens for four years because pandemic is real thing.
None of those things, it's just the priorities don't make any sense anymore.
That's kind of a priority joke.
Hey, what's that in his footprint?
Hmm.
If your advertising agency created all those giant characters, you must know how to stop them.
Well, sir, advertising is a funny thing.
If people stop paying attention to it, pretty soon it goes away.
Like that old woman who couldn't find the beef?
Exactly.
If you stop paying attention to the monsters, they'll lose their powers.
But people can't help looking at them.
They're wrecking the town.
You know, maybe a jingle would help.
Don't watch the... Don't watch the...
Monsterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Just don't look!
It worked!
They're all dead!
Well, except for Chubbsy Upsy over there.
Rinku.
Homer, stop looking!
Don't make us poke your eyes out, Dad.
Oh.
Here comes something.
Remember the story.
We're newlyweds on our way to Earth Capital.
Oh, Shazbot.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
Beware, we are being governed by scripted actors for a very, very long time.
People were put in place, and these people are not real.
They are characters on the stage.
They are all part of the show.
You might have been interacting with some of those people on the bottom or maybe in the second row, maybe even the third row, but that doesn't mean that you were actually interacting with anyone.
In fact, that's the many layered, many, many, many layered
Lollapalooza of liars, if you will, that we are dealing with right now.
Fifth Generation Warfare also, of course, extends to all of these health freedom movements and non-profit organizations that have sprung up as a result of this Fifth Generation Warfare.
That's how they do it.
And not everybody, in fact, most people probably don't understand what's going on.
But only the people with the controls and with the access to the website or whatever
need to be in on the gag.
It's about diluting.
It's about absorbing.
That's why Kevin McKernan exists.
There is no other way to explain why the research and development director of the Human Genome Project was behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
There's no other way to explain how Merrill Nass
and Robert Malone were at his presidential announcement and hugged without words in front of the stage before the announcement.
There's no other way to explain it other than these people being one of several national security actors behind the health freedom movement who fooled America and much of the world
using the help of social media.
So this is what a national security theater looks like in 2025.
It is podcasts.
It is late night talk shows that summarize podcasts or claim to take a sample of things.
And these people are not real actors.
Watch Donald Trump whisper into the ear of Elon Musk saying, don't screw it up.
Watch him whisper into Elon Musk's ear and watch how the jumping moron changes his attitude after this whisper.
Oh, oh, oh, I better take this pretty seriously.
I see.
Is it going to be okay?
Is he mad at me?
Oh, that's what I needed.
Thanks.
So this guy is the same kind of actor.
And, you know, there are varying levels of read in.
I think Donald Trump is actually very well read in.
He's a good friend of Hillary Clinton.
He's been probably aware of his impending performance ever since that he was in that debate.
This lady, of course, is ridiculous.
It's fraud on this scale that can only be explained by scripted national security actors.
If you watch videos of this woman, there's no way to take her seriously.
She has about as much
you know, elder statesmanship experience as Barry Weiss.
It's just kind of a joke.
The only real carrying card that she has is that she's a surfer and she's been on Joe Rogan.
I mean, it's a joke at this point.
And that's what you see on this screen.
And if it was possible for you to open your mind long enough to understand that these people are scripted actors, and I want you to listen very carefully to that script, scripted actors.
I don't know, man.
I favor authenticity over a lot of other values.
That doesn't mean I'm not sometimes duplicitous, disingenuous and dishonest.
Of course I am.
I'm fallen and I fall into dishonesty frequently.
But today... I don't know, man.
I favor authenticity over a lot of other values.
That doesn't mean I'm not sometimes duplicitous, disingenuous and dishonest.
Of course I am.
I'm fallen and I fall into dishonesty frequently.
But today...
I don't know, man.
I favor authenticity over a lot of other values.
That doesn't mean I'm not sometimes duplicitous, disingenuous, and dishonest.
Of course I am.
I'm fallen, and I fall into dishonesty frequently.
But today...
And so yeah, that's where we are.
Intramuscular injection is indeed dumb, RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfection is a crime and autism is a myth that all of these people have agreed to argue about on behalf of the national security state.
And GigaOM Biological is part of the independent bright web, not part of the internet that's being used against you, but a free version of the internet where thought is being
Crafted in real time, let's say it like that.
I'm very happy to be here.
I hope you're making the attempt to get off of social media.
I'm just warning you, there's not much time left for me.
I am still being an obnoxious person on X. I'm trying to call out these imposters for what they are.
But soon I'm going to be off of X. And soon we will be only on the websites that we ourselves maintain.
And we're gonna see what happens, because I think I gotta put my money where my mouth is.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
One of the fantastic things in my favor is the idea that very few, if anyone, has ever been able to say it as succinctly as me.
That's what makes Giga Home Biological very different from a lot of the people that you might see and follow who are actually on a national security script because none of them will tell you to get off of social media.
They might tell you which particular social media account to follow or what social media platform is the most free but none of them will tell you that none of them are.
None of them will explain why the cheese is free there and none of them will tell you that Elon Musk is a scripted fraud or that
that Jeff Bezos is a scripted fraud or that Peter Thiel is just kind of a joke.
No one's gonna actually say that to you because they're all on the same script and this is the biology that they have to ignore because this biology exposes them for the frauds that they are independent of their also paying homage to all of these fake, you know, ruling elite
Just the whole idea that we've come to refer to a group of people on Earth as the ruling elite already shows you that we're almost enslaved already.
And so we need to figure it out.
We need to pull our collective heads out.
That's for sure.
That's for sure we need to pull our collective heads out.
If there's one thing I know, that's what we need to do because the cheese is free for a reason on social media.
Free for a reason is because it's a military weapon.
They are actively using it against us, and they can actively use it against you in particular whenever they want to.
Welcome to the show.
It is Monday, so I guess you've started that week of hamster wheeling.
And so I hope this is a pleasant surprise.
1 minute and 20 into the show.
Still got a good half hour for you here.
I think I got a little bit over my skis with regard to how much I can accomplish, but I'm just going to try and see what I can do.
Again fifth generation warfare is not just the health freedom movement, but it's everything and that's the
Sounds like a big gross-over generalization, but it's really not.
It's really not.
Social media gives us the illusion that we can interact with a script and interact with a group of people on a sitcom or on a Star Trek episode, but that's not how social media works.
Social media is the Star Trek episode that makes us believe that politics is real, that international relations are real, that the scandals around Donald Trump are real, and all of these people are in on it.
I know it sounds nuts, but a lot of these people on this screen have had long-term relationships with one another.
And the relationships belie a level of trust that can't exist with money alone.
I thought this was an interesting thing to play at the beginning of the stream.
I hope it's all very obvious to you that it's not advertising that we're worried about here.
It's social media.
Why are we allowing social media and these podcasters to undermine our democracy, to undermine our ability to understand what's going on?
Why are we allowing that?
That's really the question in my mind.
I think what's cool about Mark Hulak's work, and I'm going to claim just a tiny little bit of credit here because I did start the wheels turning with Mark a few weeks ago.
He's always been on Bannon, and he's always known lots of things that I didn't know.
But we were talking one morning on the phone and I pointed out to him when we I think it was we were he was talking about Kathy Griffin and the head or maybe I said that Kathy Griffin was the one with the head and Then I said yeah, and then there was also Snoop Dogg who did this music video that had a gun with a flag that came out of it and
And so I do think that the connection between those two was just a random search with terms based on that random conversation between him and I about where Trump derangement syndrome came from and whether it was more than just Jimmy Kimmel and Stephen Colbert scripted to drive people nuts.
Was it also people on The View?
It turns out that, of course, she's worked with a lot of these people for a long time.
It goes way back.
And the connections that Mark has uncovered from a Hollywood perspective is really remarkable.
But again, remember just for very rudimentary purposes, given the fact that this screen has been something that I've been using for a few weeks now at least, why I chose a lot of these people.
Charlie Kirk was on this screen for a few weeks before the shooting actually happened.
I mean, Snoop Dogg, all this, this composition was all done for a while now.
And the reason why is because there are some connections here between Weinstein and Bannon.
Like all of these weird connections that go back too far and for too long to too big of piles of money, too large of corporations with too much influence and output to be by chance.
Again, because you do not become the CEO of a $150 million film company for nothing just because somebody decides that you're a pretty good guy.
I like your conversation at the water.
You know, by the way, we're looking for somebody to run this big,
That's not how this happens.
That's not how an aircraft carrier works.
Hey, dude.
Hey, you over there with the brown shoes.
Why don't you come over here?
I got a job for you.
That's not how an aircraft carrier is run.
And you need to see the American security apparatus as an aircraft carrier that includes the entire Lollapalooza of liars on social media and that visit mainstream media and represent the functioning behemoth.
And so just like an aircraft carrier, everybody has their job.
And when you sign up to be on an aircraft carrier, you accept that.
If you sign up to work on a submarine, you don't think that you're going to get on the submarine and then be able to bitch about what you're doing or complain about what you have to do or the schedule that you're given.
Just like the military because it was basically a military operation these people don't question the schedule or the script that they are given when their numbers called it's called and They go on stage and recite the lines that they are given as even if it's just handed to them right before the curtains open That's what you need to understand
And Snoop Dogg signed up a long time ago.
Kathy Griffin very willingly signed up.
You have to understand that an actor would gladly sign up for that.
If somebody came to an actor in Hollywood struggling and waiting tables and said, hey, we're looking for somebody with your build and your eyes and your hair and your voice to do a podcast.
And since I'm the guy who produced Seinfeld, you never know where this will go.
Hey, you know, you're trying to start an ad agency.
Why don't you start a podcast, you know?
I'm friends with Peter Thiel and I have a, you know, one up on this.
You could get called up.
It could be a really big thing.
It's a really easy way to audition for better positions in the structure of things.
So everybody's aware, you just have to get in.
You gotta get your SAG card first, then you gotta be on set.
You gotta get noticed, you know what I mean?
And that's no different.
Except the national security state has a little bit higher requirements and better and more stringent siphon or sieve for what they keep and don't keep.
But essentially, these people have been put in place.
Some of them have been groomed for years and years and years.
You should see it that way because this is for all the marbles.
You're not going to leave the 2,000 plus jobs necessary to make an aircraft carrier run efficiently.
You're not going to leave those jobs to the first 2,000 applicants.
And you're not turning those jobs over all the time or an aircraft carrier is never going to be projecting any power.
Do you see what I'm trying to get at here?
I hope this analogy is hitting home because this is the truth.
Oh, I don't know what I needed to do there, sorry.
That was just my music, I guess.
So, these two guys go back to the Man Show.
That's also something that Mark Hulak was able to find just because... All of these people are connected via Joe Rogan, via the Health Freedom Movement, or one way or another behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr., or some version of the Health Freedom Movement in another country around the world.
And that's not by chance.
The long connection that Mar has to this is not by chance.
And so these other people could be handled by entirely different handlers and believe most of the things they're saying.
But at the core is a group of people that doesn't take Donald Trump seriously because they know that Donald Trump is on the same team as Hillary Clinton was, whatever team that is.
That's the trick here.
That's the main trick to understand.
Because they understand that truth, then they don't have to worry about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Jay Bhattacharya or the vaccine schedule.
They just have to improvise along the script they already understand.
And that is that there is a show happening and the loud noises that are made over there, I'm supposed to pay attention to and complain about.
And that's all that's necessary to participate in this theater.
And once you have cleared the level of audition and you're given a little bit of a role in the script,
Then the directors and the stage managers can shift stuff around as is necessary including move you into the front of stage or move you back of stage or take you out of the show completely.
It doesn't matter because this is how it works.
And so the health freedom movement is, you fell for it whether you think Joe Rogan is smart or not.
You fell for it whether you think Joe Rogan is funny or not.
You fell for it whether you think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a fraud or a hero.
You fell for it.
Please understand that.
You're not absolved from any responsibility if you knew all along that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was just a brainworm victim and an idiot.
You're not absolved of this if you understand that Russell Brand is an idiot and a fake and an actor because you still accept the left using these people to represent the conservative side of America.
Do you see that problem?
Do you see the problem there?
If you know that these people are fake, then you have to condemn all of the other stuff on social media that uses these people to represent us, to represent a right or a conservative movement in America.
All of these things only exist because the left in concert agrees that these people are it.
when we know that that's not a real woman from Hawaii who's a Hindu and got on Joe Rogan and is now the Director of National Intelligence.
We know, I know for sure that those guys over there are not real FDA commissioners or NIH directors or HHS secretaries because I've spoken at length with all of them and they are all vapid individuals that are only looking to stay away from saying anything of report, anything of substance because they knew all along they were being set up.
This is just an actor.
This is an actor.
That's an actor.
Lex Friedman is an actor.
This is an actor.
That's an actor.
These are all actors.
It's just a question of what level on which are they acting.
What stage are they choosing to do?
Just because you don't get a big stage on Rumble doesn't mean that they can't bring you on as an opening act or let you play a song with them.
You know, like they do with old musicians that have crashed out.
You might bring an old, you know, you could bring Jerry Garcia on to play one Grateful Dead song or something like that.
And so all of that kind of shit is pulled with these people on the internet that makes them seem like something real happening.
some kind of discussion is occurring where a real you know debate is occurring and that's all orchestrated national security bullshit and the only real
One man show on the internet that's covering this besides me, I think, is, well, I don't know, Mark Kulak of Usatonic ITS and Joe Marshall.
Basically, that's it.
And I don't know of anyone who can say it like I can say it.
So I'm very excited to be here.
I'm very excited to have the support of you guys out there.
I'm very happy with how PeerTube is working.
We're going to advance that ball as much as we possibly can over the next couple months to set up a few independent peer tubes for a few other people.
We're just looking to get all of the necessary legal stuff ready to go.
Don't forget that we still say it better than anybody, intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection of healthy humans was always a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic and autism is a meaningless word by design.
We are here by design because they saw this signal coming for a long time.
It's an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me add a little sound effects there.
And that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality is what they sculpted with Murder and Lies for a couple years and lied about it on TV with the help of all those people on the previous screen and much, much more.
And that is because America is run by this false two-party theater.
It's not even just one party.
It is just one group of individuals, all of them rich and influential, tied to other large piles of money like corporations and non-profits that are all vying for control of power as the United States is bled dry.
And anybody that's rising into clear view is not somebody that's also driving the frickin' boat.
They're not putting the guy who's driving the aircraft carrier on podcasts.
They're not putting the captain on podcasts.
They're sending a very low-ranking officer from the communications department, at best, maybe the mess hall, to talk to the press.
Because the aircraft carrier is still doing its job.
And so I showed you the other day that this guy, for example, The Diary of a CEO podcast is a multi-million dollar, 50 man, 50 employee organization.
So this is ruled by podcast actor and these people have been put in place.
And if this guy, this Englishman,
has 50 employees from a podcast, then I think you need to come to terms with the fact that the US military or the NATO military or whatever organization is behind this or organizations realized a long time ago that this is chump change.
If it takes only 50 people to produce something like this, then we should produce a lot of some things like this.
In other words, a Lollapalooza of liars, a very good rock bands, very good, you know, costumes, very good,
Jams, very good bass lines.
And all different ones, you know, hardcore rockers like this dude that swears a lot and takes his shirt off by the pool.
Or somebody like Russell Brand that's got all kinds of nice necklaces and funny tattoos and stuff, you know, like a Hindu elephant on one arm and a crucifix on the other arm.
Or this guy who will tell you all about Kevin McKernan being super smart.
You know, the Human Genome Project Research and Development Director that's curiously behind the anti-vax movement.
And nobody in American media seems to care about that one simple fact that there is a guy who actually was an employee of the Whitehead Institute, a colleague of Mark Lander, a long colleague of Francis Collins, directly behind as a scientific advisor to CHD throughout the pandemic.
His name is Kevin McKernan.
He's been on several podcasts, including a large podcast that is run by a guy by the name of Danny Jones, has a direct connections to Hulk Hogan.
who is of course the guy that Peter Thiel gave lawyers to so that he could sue Gawker for having published a sex video of Hulk Hogan, but he was really trying to get back at Gawker because Gawker outed Peter Thiel as a gay man.
And so this guy was on that Danny Jones podcast with Callie Means and Mary Talley Bowden, probably doing a fake argument between Callie Means to fool Mary Talley Bowden into believing that she was still part of a real health freedom movement.
And a lot of the doctors that are involved simply aren't sophisticated enough from a scientific perspective to understand because they've been shielded by social media.
They've been shielded by these other people from ever hearing from me.
Mary Talley Bowden was on my show in 2022.
Think about that.
And now she won't talk to me anymore.
How is that possible?
Because of people like this.
So listen.
We are joined with, I think a new guest.
Dan, I don't think I've ever had you on this show.
Dan Cohen.
How you doing, man?
You doing okay?
I'm good, I'm good.
How is that possible?
How can you start a show?
I don't think I've ever had you on.
I'm sorry, but there's no amount of interviewing you could do and not know whether you had somebody on your podcast for an interview and still know them.
Do you see my point?
So what he's giving away is that they've known each other for a while.
He's been on Twitter for a while.
He does very well for himself on Twitter for a while.
and they've known each other for a while, and he's gotta say, I don't know if I've ever had you on my podcast before.
Think about that and me saying that about someone would imply that we knew each other, but I just haven't had you on before.
We talk all the time, but I haven't had you on before.
You see, I can't remember the last time, Mark Kulak, when I had you on my podcast, but I have had you on.
That's not what he said.
And I think that's pretty significant.
I think it's an admission that they've known each other for a long time, which means that getting on this podcast wasn't really that big of a deal.
Um, and in fact, uh, is just part of a, you know, that's how the plan works.
I've never been.
We are joined with, I think a new guest.
I don't, Dan, I don't think I've ever had you on this show.
Dan Cohen.
How you doing, man?
You doing okay.
I'm good.
Uh, just, um,
Yeah, getting my morning going.
I've never been on.
It's a pleasure to be on with you.
Well, it's a pleasure to have you, which is a give you a moaning donut.
Dan Coyne, journalist, filmmaker.
He has contributed to Al Jazeera, English, Alternate, Electronic, Infotata, Rayzone, Middle East, I, Mondewise, The Nation, Vice News, Mint Press.
You've been around, to put it mildly.
You have been around.
Let me ask you this.
I didn't hit, there's a tweet that you responded to and I kind of want to dig into the tweet because I'm interested in this aspect of Charlie Kirk's death.
I've been fascinated by the way each side has been trying to use him as a cudgel to hit the other side.
It's almost like there wasn't a real person.
That a lot of what has been put out has been this kind of
deification or desecration.
And depending upon the side that you're on, using that club to beat the head of the other side.
It is very weird.
It's very strange.
The images that they've come out with Jesus taking Kurt, Charlie Kurt away to somewhere, like all of this stuff is very strange.
It's very bizarre.
Um, let's start there for Bill.
Give me a take on this and just to give reference point.
It was this.
So this video is before, um, Charlie Kirk's, uh, whatever that happened yesterday, which of course would, would make everything that had made everything that happened before pretty, pretty tame.
Um, anyway, that you were responding to from Sarah bills.
So here we go talking about a tweet, and that being a conversation that people should pay attention to, i.e.
there is a relevant thing there on social media, which I don't agree with, but okay.
Right here.
It says, Sarah says, why was Charlie giving multiple members of the Trump administration his quote, final wishes before he died?
First Miller, now Noam.
And you point out, he says, because they're following the same script.
Once you see that they're national security state actors, then you can't unsee it.
We are governed by highly paid liars via cable TV, social media, and podcasts.
And just to be clear, Sarah wasn't saying that he knew he was going to die.
His point was, how are all of these people all of a sudden bringing this up as if I was the last person to talk to Charlie and Charlie told me X or Y?
Break down your comment for me.
I think that right here, a friend of mine would say that I have a very good friend of mine named Jonathan Cooey, who puts it better than me when he says that we are governed by podcast.
He called, he came up with this national security state actor phrase.
And I think it's a really apt way to describe what these people are.
But
Just saying you could right there already just say, you know, it's not just me.
It's a lot of people So my comment that these are national security state actors, I mean well Sarah firstly was pointing out that the Homeland Security Secretary what's her name the former governor of
of like, no, yeah, Christie know him.
Yeah.
Um, and then, and then who was the other one?
JD van, who was, who was the other person?
She was, it was, let me see.
It was Christie gnome and it was Miller.
Um, Steven Miller, of course.
Yeah.
Um, both said that he, uh, um,
that, sorry, I have to switch my brain from a completely different subject that I was just working on.
Both said that Charlie Kirk had told them in, you know, right before he was killed, that he was, you know, we need to crack down on the terrorist left, things like that.
That's not an exact quote, but which is obvious, you know, fodder for for just right wing
Um, you know, everyone, the kind of narrative that the left is crazy and they celebrate killing and we need to crack down on them.
And, you know, and they're not only they celebrate killing, but, but, you know, they're killers even.
Um, and that, so what my point and Sarah said, look, they're saying the same thing, which is very strange.
And she clarified, I'm not saying that Charlie Kirk knew he was going to die, but it's strange that they're both saying this.
And my point is, yes, these are,
These people are scripted.
they are saying that for a very specific political reason.
Kristi Noem was put in that position, you know, if you look at she's like a she's a grandmother, but she got like a nice haircut, got like plastic surgery, got Botox.
Kristi Noem is a grandmother?
Yes.
Yeah.
And yeah, exactly.
She's, you know, she's an older lady.
I mean, she's into her 60s, I believe.
I had no idea.
Yeah, I had no idea.
And they made her kind of like, you know,
Hot, quote unquote.
They tried to make her look physically attractive and put her in this position as Homeland Security for this theater where she goes out with ICE agents and cracks down on criminals and does all these appearances on social media in particular.
Stephen Miller is saying the same thing.
So this is clearly a script that went out.
My point is I think actually a fundamental thing that people need to understand.
Yeah, you can see like, you know, that she's 60.
She's I mean, we can look up exactly Christy gnome age.
She's 53.
So she's not she's not 60.
But she is a grandmother.
Um, she looks good for 53.
Jesus.
Yeah.
But I mean, if you look at pictures of her, like from before, if you look up Christie gnome, like age, you can find pictures of her from before where she looks much more plain, like home.
She looks her age.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
But you know, and she got plastic surgery.
Clearly, she got like, clearly does like Botox, you know, lip enhancements, these kind of things.
That's not just because of vanity.
That's because they're trying to market her for, you know, kind of conservative audiences to bring them in to this whole like MAGA farm support Trump.
So, you know, having like a good looking older woman to go and do these appearances on social media where she's out there with the ICE agents getting the criminals, this kind of thing.
That is all propaganda.
And it's a theater is how I describe it, national security state theater.
And really, this is the main thing that I think people on all sides of the political spectrum have to understand.
about social media, we just assume that, you know, like, yeah, they're like social media is pretty normal.
Like we have our X accounts, we have our whatever, Instagram, whatever you use.
I mean, in particular, you know, a lot of people I think who are in journalism, who are in our spheres, use X in particular.
but and we are kind of under this sort of illusion that there is some amount there's free speech or some amount or it was censored but Elon restored it even if we don't really like Elon this politics now we have free speech because a lot of the people who were banned you know were brought back and you know what is he laughing about there it's so weird oh it's a place of free exchange and all these things when in reality
It is, not only is this a corporate platform, it is military-grade social engineering made to, where it is, where there is a lot of inorganic activity and scripted national security state actors that are
difficult to identify and that are put in place to rise at certain points in order to kind of steer
how people think in order to engineer their mind.
Because the most important thing is this little, our consciousness, that's what they're really fighting for.
How we think, how we perceive reality, and then that determines what we do with our day-to-day on a day-to-day basis.
And so it's funny, right?
Because what he could say is, is that I've got this friend named Jonathan Cooey who
learned this because he realized that the entire anti-vax movement was full of actors like this who just kind of populate these conferences and these non-profits to make it seem like there's a legitimate health freedom movement when actually their whole
real rhetoric is controlled and they're used as part of this limited spectrum of debate.
And he got involved because he really thought there was a fight going on.
And as a biologist, he exposed it.
So I'm interested to see when that actually happens.
So the thing is, the more we get good, quote unquote, at social media,
the more we build a big following and we feel like we're interacting with
important people, maybe some journalist who you used to really look up to, and all of a sudden they're favoriting and retweeting your posts, and maybe you're DMing with them.
A lot of that is so incredibly easy to manipulate.
For example, I'll give an example.
The account Syrian Girl,
Maram Sousley, she's Australian-Syrian, she said, well, Charlie Kirk followed me recently on X, and that is proof that he was changing his position on Israel.
Now, Charlie, and that went viral, that got like several thousand retweets and many more likes.
Charlie Kirk follows like, I think it was like 185,000 people on Twitter.
I just follow is like literally anything.
Yeah.
So number one, if that is somehow meaningful, I just don't see it.
I think that's at best, I would say wishful thinking.
Yeah, it's her point of view.
It's like her little window.
Right.
And secondly, Or you could see it as somebody who understands that everybody he follows will see everything that he tweets because social media is programmed to his benefit.
That might be the reason why you would follow that many people.
Not because you want to see what those people respond, but because you've been told that the programming algorithm has been gamed for you.
And so everybody that you follow will see everything that you tweet.
So, you know, put your staff on it and realize that you're gathering people that will see every radio signal that you send out.
because they've gamed social media for you, all right?
Here we go, a deal.
And so they're trying to pretend that that's some kind of evidence that something fake was going on instead of evidence that it was somebody who was actively participating in the militarization of social media against the American public.
Do you see the problem here?
There's still need to tweak it.
Especially, you know, bigger figures like Charlie Kirk.
they're not spending all day, like a lot of social media users who are really good at X, they're not spending all their time on social media.
He's like a political actor.
He's flying here and running Turning Points USA or this kind of thing.
So there are people that manage those accounts.
So there's no indication that Charlie Kirk himself, it was Charlie Kirk's account
could be run by literally anybody, could be run by... I'm not really sure Dan has ever said any of this kind of skeptic position of social media before and say that you don't know who's DMing you or liking your tweets.
I really feel like that's my message and
Before me, there hasn't been anybody in his ear saying it.
So it's strange to me up until this point.
I hope we're gonna get a shout out.
His assistant, his hired social media intern.
It could be run by somebody directly working in the national security state.
And this is the kind of thing where it's like, oh, Charlie... It means skilled social media user if you're really good at X. That's what it means, skilled social media use.
He's basically paraphrasing that.
He must be having some kind of change.
So this is the point that I'm trying to make, is that all of these platforms
not only X, TikTok, Facebook, you know, they're for different generations.
Now it's like boomers who use Facebook.
It's like a lot of kids who use TikTok and, you know, like, I don't know, Instagram and, and YouTube.
And Rumble is now the like alternative platform, you know, but Rumble is like,
Another one that this is you know, you can have they can make certain podcasts or shows rise To be you know, all of a sudden you're getting 10, you know You're the one that's out front to get tens of thousands of viewers or whatever, you know live So all of this is basically an invented reality in many ways and it's very difficult.
It's like WWE or WWF we're like
you know, it's how do we know what's fake and what's real?
Like, it's scripted, but there are things that are happening that are real, but but we don't know.
And the overwhelming majority of social media users do not understand
the level to which it is, it is scripted.
And these political actors and political of the single uniparty that rules this country are, these people are following scripts.
The national security state is thinking generations ahead in its plans of what it wants to do.
you and I are reacting to the news on a daily basis of what's happening.
We are not understanding there is a major long-term agenda.
And the big question, of course, what are those agendas?
And that's a huge question.
But my point is social media is their terrain.
It is their theater.
It is their matrix.
It is not ours.
And it is not a public square that
You know, they just kind of bought and are making money off of any form of controlling our minds.
Yeah.
I used to be a software engineer.
I was a software engineer for like 10 years.
Any platform that there's a layer of code between you and that platform, I can control.
And I say that to say, whether you have sock puppet accounts, whether you have certain algorithms that push certain things over other things, those things are manipulated or can be manipulated.
And I'm talking about, and Dan should be talking about scripted actors that don't need any manipulation other than for everybody to see them.
That's what we're talking about.
There's no programming involved in that.
If everybody that Charlie Kirk follows is programmed to see whatever Charlie Kirk tweets, then that's it.
It's done.
It's programmed.
It's over.
There's no algorithms.
There's no things that need demystification or we got to get the AI out of this.
It's just actors on a script that have agreed to accept the script because that's their job.
And it doesn't matter how it's edited.
They don't need to know because it's a need to know basis.
in a way that serves certain agendas.
So yeah, you're right.
It's not reality in the reality sense of the word.
There's always a space.
There's a rift between you trying to hit at real reality versus the code base that's there to give you, let's say, a view, a take on what that reality is.
No, I totally agree with you.
I mean, I give you, especially political actors,
They tend to be on script.
So for example, you had all of the drones that go into Ukraine and then all of a sudden you see
80 on my site, maybe like 30 internet sites coming up saying Donald Trump is weak.
Donald Trump allows NATO to be attacked.
And they're saying almost the exact same thing with maybe a different tone, a different letter, a different word here or there.
So he imagines that what he's seeing is what a national security theater or just the spontaneous output of the human population.
See, that's the trick here.
They have a very specific agenda of what they want to accomplish in referencing that particular event, creating hysteria around that particular event, trying to get a following on that particular event to get it to bubble up on the side of the thing.
Those people, they know that this wasn't an attack or NATO.
That doesn't stop them from pushing it out there in order to try to pull Donald Trump in a particular direction.
It's scripted.
Agreed.
And it's not just that.
It can be all sorts of things.
I mean, Cuban Twitter, if you remember, where I think the CIA created this kind of Twitter-like thing that they controlled, that they wanted to use to try to overthrow Donald Trump.
He said CIA.
So he seems to know that it can be used that way, but he doesn't seem to consider that it has been used that way on the Western world.
That's the shocking part.
I agree with you.
No, I totally agree with you.
I don't think people look at it in those terms, though.
Let me add something.
I mean, yeah, so like people understand, you know, a lot of anti-imperialists know about that episode in particular, well, yeah, that episode in particular where they had that, yeah, Twitter kind of thing that they operated, I think it was like ZunZuneo or something like that in Cuba to overthrow the government.
Social media was clearly a weapon for regime change.
So if it is a weapon for regime change and social engineering Don't forget an advisor to chd and robert f kennedy jr And now acip member robert malone was a part of the arab spring operation Which was also a flexing of the social media muscle to maneuver a population Against cuban sovereignty.
Well, what does that mean that we are using it every day?
How are we being engineered?
in a far more sophisticated way than it was like a decade or so ago.
Another thing I might point out about that is
The idea that, okay, so we all see that there are coordinated groups of liars.
October 7th, perfect example, the 40 beheaded babies, these kinds of things, where everyone who is paying attention or is critical, basically,
saw that as an basically obvious hoax, and saw that it was coordinated.
That was very clearly, I mean, it was, we know that that came from Netanyahu's office and was handed out, you know, okay, that was very obvious.
So we know these things happen.
And those are those are the most obvious ones.
What I would suggest the example that you gave about like, these, you know, drones in the Poland,
in order to convince Donald Trump to be more aggressive towards Russia, whatever, I think that Donald, the idea that Donald Trump is,
Anti has these anti-interventionist instincts very end is pushed by Hawks Very well could be and probably is part of the script.
Yes That's most security state script because it's a little point because you know, Donald Trump speaks from both sides of his mouth all the time he says, you know, we don't we don't seek regime change in Iran and
You know, we don't want war.
We're going to negotiate with them.
And then he uses those negotiations to give Israel the element of surprise for Israel to launch this war, which then Trump, of course, supports in every way, and then actually even joined in.
The same thing with Hamas.
The U.S.
was
you know, oh, we got really tired of Joe Biden, you know, everyone's Oh, Trump is here.
We got this temporary bag in the car.
And then negotiations with Hamas.
And this is great.
And wow, finally, some sense here.
And then the element of surprise, boom, you know, so that to me is all that's coordinated.
That's yes.
That's all the money.
Exactly.
Precisely.
Yes.
They got those guys together.
Boom, you know, so
These are the same, these are scripts, national security state scripts.
This is not happening again and again by accident.
And if it were one time, you know, that Trump got played or got rolled, then I'd say, Oh, okay, you know, that might carry some water, this idea that, you know, he's being pressured like that.
But, um,
The reality, I think, fool me once, shame on you, right?
Fool me like 30 times, then at some point, I'm just a goldfish going into the side of the bowl again and again, like think, think, think.
And that's basically, I think, where we're at.
And people who, and I'm not accusing you of this, obviously, but even myself, for a long time, I really thought that, yeah, Trump really does have these anti-interventionist instincts.
He sells it really well.
And I think this is broadly accepted in anti-imperialist thinking.
Okay, I'm going to leave it right here for now.
And after I get back from the gym, I'm going to pick it up where I left off.
And if I do not manage to do that for some reason, which I don't think is going to be a problem, I will definitely pick it up here tomorrow morning.
I have this and one more video and one more point to make that I think is all going to sync really nicely together.
So hopefully at about 420 or so, 430 when I get back, I'll just take my sweaty head and put it back on the screen and start right here.
So thanks very much for being here.
There's no music out.
I'm really going to leave right now.
I'm going to stop streaming as soon as it goes blank and then I'll come back in a couple hours and finish this.
Thanks very much and thanks for your patience.
It's going to be a busy week and a busy month and a busy fall.
Let's put it that way.
We just crossed the fall equinox, so it's time for the work to really start.
It's basketball season almost, ladies and gentlemen.
That means big time, big time focus.
Thanks for being here, and I'll see you again in a few hours.
I really hope it's going to work out.
I think it will.
Thanks, thanks, thanks.